Feb 11th, 2022

Still working in this branch I called "UI_integration", but it's become a
misnomer. The UI architecture I started the branch with is pretty much
entirely gone; every GUI submodule rewritten. It's not ugly, but the branch
just kinda doesn't fit anymore.

Yet, a merge into the trunk doesn't feel right yet. The GUI isn't even like...
working. Well, that's not true either. Everything currently written works
fine, but it doesn't yet draw anything to the context (a terminal emulation,
in my case). So, from the user perspective, the branch doesn't do anything.

In fact, it does less, because the old GUI actually displayed some G(raphics).
Which feels bad from my end, because so much work has gone into designing the
architecture. So much learning to show but nothing showing.

OOP programming is so slow sometimes. So many layers of abstraction all for
the sake of conceptual structure that doesn't actually 'do' anything different
than the spaghetti it could be. It just makes it easy to hold on to and turn
around in the mind's eye later -- which is valuable, but not to the user.

Anyway, I really hope I can get these widgets drawing by the end of the
week. I'm taking it slow, though I would prefer to cram indefinitely.

I don't really have a choice in the matter,
the walls of my psyche refuse to flex further.

Not really interested in getting into the details since this is public, suffice
it to say that neurotypicallity is difficult to determine from the confines of a
single mind; therapy costs money I don't have; employeers in this field have the
luxury of being picky. Makes a person feel pointedly un-person-like, when taken
as a whole.

To avoid ending on a downer, I'm happy to report that I'm now at the point
that I'm re-using code every time I add new functionality to my architecture.
It feels great. In this case, it's making widgets Observers of UserInput,
which means they implement both my Observer and Commandable traits. Finally
noticing some payoff from the heavy abstraction overhead.

- - - 

It feels like, meals-lite grind to find
feel-right ways to bind signs to mind's rind
curse fuss the worst stuff
then sell soul for mouthfuls

- - -
