12/12/2021 - Entry #0

Hello Reader,

So I've been working on a game. My second - well... my first attempt after
releasing my first on itch.io. That first was a shame, really, but I felt it
urgent to release and move on because it was a platformer. I don't much care
for that genre -- I chose it because I percieved it would be easy.

It's not advice to say that the easiest path is low-risk, low-reward. What I
can add to that is the truth: the easiest path is low-risk, zero-reward.
Challenge yourself, I urge you. Focus is the only natural state of bliss I've
ever known, and it requires a loam of challenge to exist in any substantial way.

So I'm taking my own lesson in hand as I work on this new game, which I am
calling '*******REDACTED*******', for reasons I won't detail. Suffice it to
say that the reasons are no longer relevant. What is relevant is the
following:

Genre: Rogue-like w/ meta-progression
Language: Rust
Paradigms: ECS for the core, OOP for the GUI
Gimmick: REDACTED
Story: You play the part of a Goblin of the lowest social class, a digger in
the mines of a warren located deep in the crust of a far distant Earth. One
day, you uncover an ancient artifact -- a lockbox, a safe with hinges long
since rusted away to nothing. Insidei, a metallic object obviously meant to fit
in the palm of a very large hand, but not so large that you aren't able to
grasp it in your small calloused palms. A small protrusion juts out before
your finger, obviously some sort of lever. You pull it-
BANG!
The shock of the noise stabs your ears like the realization of what this
object is stabs your mind. It's dragonfire - a gun. It works. And after further
examination, it seems it will work five more times. You hope this is enough to
change your life. You hope that after showing your new power five times, you
will be gone from this life and begun on a new one. One where, instead of
digging for others, maybe -- for once in your life -- you'll be able to dig
your own mine.

All I have to add to the above at this time is that Rust is a fantastic
language, I absolutely adore how ugly it makes Java seem by comparison. Like,
wow, Java, brush your damn teeth once a decade at lease, please. PLEASE.

After re-reading the start of this, all I can say is that I hope to improve
the readability of this text in the future. I address it to you, dear reader,
but truth be told I am writing this for self-enrichment. So...

here goes the git commit -m "first blog entry"
