Whelp, it finally happened!

So, was working happily on ecs_it (the ECS Architecture library I mentioned in
my last entry), and it was going well. Very well, I'm pretty happy with how my
implementation is coming along.

Then I got a message on LinkedIn, which lead to an interview, where I was told
something along the lines of "I would hire someone who could code Tetris." I
wasn't asked to do this, it was more of an off-hand remark, though I was
tasked with desinging 'how' I would go about programming a Tetris clone. But,
after making a class diagram and covering some other things I was asked to
study...

I thought, "Well, shoot, maybe I should just try implementing it."

We had scheduled a 2nd interview for ~48 hours later. I was pretty busy for
that first 24hrs, but for the rest... I figured I should just give it a shot,
you know? See if I could make a somewhat playable implementation of Tetris in
24 hours. Well, actually my goal was to draw a grid with falling pieces that
can rotate, and that's it. I figured that might be achievable, but a playable
game? Unlikely.

Turns out I don't know shit, because I got a playable prototype working in
about 23hrs, Though, other than sleeping, eating, and paying my porcelain
taxes, I admit I didn't do much else but code for those 23 hours. Not super
healthy, and my implementation is certainly NOT feature complete, but the core
gameplay is there, anyway:

I got a job! It paid off. Not the only reason I got the job (I made sure to
ask) but... wow. Holy shit. Finally. 
FINALLY.

Quick shout out to [REDACTED], for seeing my potential. I appreciate it
immensely. It's been... a challenge -- I'm happy to finally be at some sort of
peak of this mountain of learning I've been climbing, and am excited to
continue climbing.

But,

I really, really needed this place to rest my feet for a moment.

I wish this priviledge of unto those who don't have it.

P.S. A certain 6-3 vote passed yesterday, by a certain institution which is
intended to be respectable. Wow -- here we go 'round the carousel again, I
guess. There can be no doubt about the path we're on at this point, in this
country, on this world, this speck of dust in an infinite void, floating,
floating, floating... does this make you hopeless of hopeful?

	Circles are unmoving myths of immobile Points of view,
	from perpendicular sight they appear as Waves,
	and with omniscience only Spirals are true.

-JMS
