Okay, so you're gonna learn something about me today. Like other humans, I
can be... indecisive.

I'm throwing the baby out with the bathwater, a la the phrase common to
budding writers: "Learn to kill your babies."

Obviously not your actual biological children; what this coloquialism gets
at is the importance of not becoming attached to ideas, not falling prey
to the Sunk-Cost Fallacy, and not letting your work become precious. It
advocates for doing what is best for the work, which -- very often --
causes a whole truckload of cognitive dissonance. It "feels bad".

Anyway, I did that. I intentionally did some "feels bad" things, and I
gotta say: now that I've done it, it feels GREAT. Not to say that I'm
"done" with this new change... but I digress, I haven't even told you
what I've done. Here, anyway. I said it in an earlier entry.

I started over -- from scratch. And this time, I'm not using a game
engine, game library, or any other such thing. The largest bit of
code written by others I'm using is specs (https://crates.io/crates/specs),
and maybe serde (https://crates.io/crates/serde). Otherwise, I'm basically
writing a game engine now, in addition to a game.

Which is fine.

Oh, I'm also using crossterm (https://crates.io/crates/crossterm), which
I had a few misconceptions about. Now that I'm using it directly, rather
than abstractly as a dependency of a dependency, it's clicked. There are
some new constraints - one of which being that I won't have as much
control over the 'look' of my game. It'll be up to the User to choose
their terminal emulator and font. This is a big deal, considering that
the font of this game comprises THE ENTIRETY OF ITS VISUAL EXISTENCE.

Of course, I will include a suggested open-source font with the binary
of the game, once its released. Along with a ReadMe on how to use it, and
maybe a suggestion of what terminal emulator to use (since not all fonts
are supported by all terminals) but still... the loss of control is
somewhat unsettling.

On the upside, it means there's a whole class of learning and challenge
that I don't have to learn or overcome. My game writes to the terminal,
that's it. No fancy anything. No sprites, no OpenGL, no pseudoterminal,
no graphical shenanigans of any kind whatsoever.

On the neutral-side, in order to use multiple fonts (which is very
important, actually) I'm gonna have to figure out some sort of hack or
workaround. I'm thinking maybe using a second terminal window popup, or
another tab, to display readable text.

If you're lost: the text that displays the game world is not very readable,
because it is not like this text you're reading now. This text is like...
24x60 pixels or something like that. Each cell which each character lives
inside of is taller than it is wide. This is bad for the game world,
because it makes the world 'appear' taller than it really is. So circles
look like ovals, and squares like rectangles, etc; despite the fact that
they are not -- as far as the game engine is concerned.

So, by using a square, X-by-X pixels-per-character font, this issue is
eliminated. In doing so, t h e  t e x t  s t a r t s  t o  l o o k
k i n d a  l i k e  t h i s . Good for the look of the game world, bad
for reading dialogue, menu text, item descriptions, etc.

Anyway, that's where I'm at. The code is looking MUCH cleaner, and I've
been able to implement some features that would have taken me weeks in
a matter of days simply because the code base is back to zero. (And
before it was a horrific mess -- something I am only now seeing clearly.)

That's all. Are you still here?
Goodbye for now.
